Create digital address for betrokkene in Customer Interactions API (#6280)
open-formulieren/open-forms: docs/configuration/prefill/communication_preferences.rst

> When the form is submitted Open Forms records following data in the Customer Interactions API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the form is submitted, Open Forms records the following data in the Customer Interactions API:
```

* ``klantcontact``

> * ``betrokkene``
> * ``onderwerpobject``, where a public reference of the submission is stored
> * ``digitaleadressen``:
> 
>     * linked to ``betrokkene`` if the user is not authenticated or the selected address already exists for this ``partij``
>     * linked to ``partij`` if the user is authenticated and they use the new address and choose chosen "Sla mijn gegevens op
>       voor de volgende keer." while filling the form.

Reviewer: I think we need some more information here, about what `digitaleadressen` contains.

```suggestion
* ``digitaleadressen``:

    The new and updated digital addresses for this interaction. The digital addresses are either linked to:

    * ``betrokkene`` if the user is not authenticated or the selected address already exists for this ``partij``
    * ``partij`` if the user is authenticated and they use the new address and choose chosen "Sla mijn gegevens op
      voor de volgende keer." while filling the form.
```
